fix(solidstart): Remove outdated `sentrySolidStartVite` option (#12962)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/solidstart/index.mdx

## Add Readable Stack Traces to Errors

To upload source maps, configure an auth token. Auth tokens can be passed to `withSentry` explicitly with the `authToken`

> option. You can also use the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable or have an `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file in the

Reviewer: Just a general question: Does the naming of this file have any impact? From how I read it here it seems like the naming is important. But as far as I know only the naming of the env variable is important 🤔

Author: Depends on how your framework handles env files I guess. If it doesn't then this naming convention is picked up by the bundler plugin. I'd say having the exact name solves a bunch of hassles.

working directory when building your project.

<OrgAuthTokenNote />

Update your `app.config.ts`:

```TypeScript {filename:app.config.ts}
import { withSentry } from '@sentry/solidstart';
import { defineConfig } from '@solidjs/start/config';

export default defineConfig(
  withSentry(
    {
      /* Your SolidStart config */
    },
    {
      org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
      project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",
      authToken: "___ORG_AUTH_TOKEN___",
    }
  ),
);
```

or create a `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file:

```bash {filename:.env.sentry-build-plugin}
SENTRY_ORG="___ORG_SLUG___"
SENTRY_PROJECT="___PROJECT_SLUG___"
SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN="___ORG_AUTH_TOKEN___"
```

> We recommend you add the auth token to your CI/CD environment as an environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend adding the auth token to your CI/CD environment as an environment variable.
```
